At this point in time let's introduce another security concept called authorization.
Let's talk with the definition of authorization.
What does authorization mean?
Authorization concerns itself with permission and rights.
It says what authenticated user is allowed to access.
Usually, authorization is implemented as role-based access control.
So users have roles and access is given to the roles and not the users.
What I mean by this is,
let's take an application which is your company application.
Let's say that there are two different types of roles,
an engineering manager and individual contributors.
There will be part of the company site
which only a manager has access to but not individual contributor.
That makes them two different roles.
So both of them will have access to only certain parts of your company site.
This is called limited access,
and that is what authorization allows you to do.